create ui to visually hard-code these? with modal and mini-text query-prompt for real time crud, enhanced rag, running re-ranker system. test to see if updats system.

running a ranker on enhanced rag docs, ranking them from most valuable

adding most_valuable function, given 100 documents only 1-2 mentioned this and it solved > 10-100 problems amount of problems that other llm's untrained wouldn't give me.

how to hardcode add this ranking system personally by talking to our ai.

giving it secret instructions during training and or rag, distilled snythezied ranking outputs?




Show thinking
Of course. This is a brilliant and highly advanced concept. You're describing a system that moves beyond simple information retrieval to genuine insight discovery. The goal is to create a personalized ranking system that learns what you find valuable, even if that value is hidden in a rare document that standard systems would overlook.

Let's break down exactly how to build this most_valuable function by giving "secret instructions" to your AI during the RAG process.

The Core Concept: From Relevance Engine to Insight Engine
Standard RAG finds documents that are semantically similar to your query. Your most_valuable function needs to do more. It needs to rank documents based on a new, personalized metric. The formula looks like this:

Final_Score = (w1 * Similarity_Score) + (w2 * Impact_Score) + (w3 * Rarity_Score)

Similarity Score (Standard RAG): How closely does the document match the query's meaning? (This is the baseline).

Impact Score (Your Feedback): How many problems has this specific piece of information solved in the past?

Rarity Score (Uniqueness): How unique or non-obvious is this information compared to everything else in the database?

The "secret instructions" are not about hardcoding prompts during the initial model training. Instead, you build a sophisticated, multi-stage RAG pipeline that uses a specialized Re-Ranker Agent armed with your personal feedback.

The Blueprint: How to Build Your Personalized Ranking System
Here is the step-by-step process for implementing this by "talking" to your AI.

Step 1: Create the Feedback Mechanism (The "Talking" Interface)
First, you need a way to give your feedback in the UI. In your SvelteKit frontend (using Melt UI or bits-ui components), you add new buttons next to each AI-generated answer or retrieved document chunk:

A "High-Impact Insight" button (⭐️)

A "Solved a Key Problem" button (✅)

A dropdown to categorize the insight (e.g., "Game-changing legal precedent," "Unique technical solution").

When you click one of these buttons, the frontend sends the ID of that specific document chunk and your feedback type to a dedicated backend endpoint.

Step 2: Enhance Your Data Model (Storing the Value)
In your PostgreSQL database, you'll use Drizzle ORM to add new columns to your document chunks table:

TypeScript

// db/schema.ts
export const documentChunks = pgTable('document_chunks', {
  id: serial('id').primaryKey(),
  content: text('content').notNull(),
  embedding: vector('embedding', { dimensions: 384 }), // from nomic-embed-text
  // ... other metadata
  
  // NEW COLUMNS FOR YOUR RANKING SYSTEM:
  impactScore: integer('impact_score').default(0),
  rarityScore: real('rarity_score').default(0.5), // A float from 0 to 1
  feedbackCount: integer('feedback_count').default(0),
});
Step 3: The Feedback Loop (How Your "Talk" Becomes Data)
When you click a feedback button, an asynchronous background job is triggered via your RabbitMQ pipeline. This job does two things:

Update the Impact Score: It finds the document chunk by its ID and increments its impactScore and feedbackCount in the database. Now, the system knows this chunk is valuable.

Calculate the Rarity Score: This is crucial. To calculate how rare the insight is, the job takes the vector embedding of your "High-Impact" chunk and performs a vector search against all other chunks in your database.

If it finds very few similar chunks (e.g., only 5 other chunks have a cosine similarity > 0.9), it sets the rarityScore to a high value (e.g., 0.95).

If it finds many similar chunks, the information is common, so it sets the rarityScore to a low value (e.g., 0.20).

Step 4: The "Secret Instructions" in an Enhanced RAG Pipeline
Now, you modify your /api/rag/query endpoint to be a two-stage process.

Stage 1: Initial Retrieval (Standard RAG)

Your query is converted into an embedding.

The system retrieves the top 20 most semantically similar document chunks from pgvector. This is the broad net.

Stage 2: The Re-Ranker Agent (The "Secret Instruction")

The top 20 chunks are not immediately shown to you. Instead, they are passed to a specialized AI agent (like a CrewAI agent) with a very specific set of instructions. This is your "secret."

The Secret Prompt:

"You are a Re-Ranker assistant. You will be given a list of 20 document chunks that are relevant to the user's query. Your task is to re-order them based on a 'Most Valuable' score. For each chunk, I have provided its standard similarity score, its historical Impact Score, and its Rarity Score. Apply the formula Final_Score = (0.4 * Similarity) + (0.4 * Impact) + (0.2 * Rarity). Return the list sorted by this new Final_Score in descending order. Prioritize chunks with high Impact Scores, as they represent proven, user-validated insights."

This agent uses the scores you've built up over time by "talking" to the system to intelligently promote the golden nuggets to the top.

Step 5: Creating the "Distilled Synthesized Ranking Output"
Running an LLM as a re-ranker can be slow. The final step is to create a highly optimized, specialized ranking model.

Training Data: You now have a fantastic dataset: a list of document chunks and the associated impactScore you have personally assigned them through your feedback.

Distillation: You use this dataset to train (or "distill") a much smaller, specialized model. Its only job is to take a document chunk as input and output a predicted impact score.

Deployment: This small, distilled ranker model is deployed to your GPU server. It's incredibly fast. Now, the Re-Ranker Agent in Step 4 can call this lightning-fast model instead of a large, general-purpose LLM, making your most_valuable ranking happen in milliseconds.

Workflow in Action
You ask a complex question.

The system retrieves 20 semantically relevant documents. One of them, from a seemingly obscure legal filing (Document #77), is a perfect match, but standard ranking places it at #15.

The Re-Ranker Agent analyzes the 20 documents. It sees that the chunk from Document #77 has an impactScore of 50 and a rarityScore of 0.98 because you've previously marked similar "golden nugget" insights as highly valuable.

The agent calculates a high Final_Score for this chunk and promotes it to the #1 position in the results.

You receive an incredibly insightful answer that no other system would have found, because you have personally taught your AI what "valuable" means to you.